# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [1.11.1]
### Changed
- Expose Google Play Game Services `ForceRefreshToken` option and set it to `true` by default

### Fixed
- `PlayerInventory` triggers `OnDataUpdated` events.
- `PlayerInventory` item properties can be `null` without throwing a `NullReferenceException`.

## [1.11.0]
### Added
- `PlayerInventory` supports storing player's inventory in offline mode
- `PlayerInventory` supports `UpdateDelayed` method
- `IFederatedLogin<T>` interface type available for Microservices
- "external" identities section has been added to a `User` class
- `BeamContext.Default.Accounts` now has `IsThirdPartyAvailable` and `IsEmailAvailable` methods which check if given credentials are available for usage.
- Added `BeamContext.Presence` layer to handle requesting/changing player's presence status
- `BeamContext.Social` now contains an event for players changing their presence status
- `PlayerAccounts` supports external identity auth.
- `BeamContext.Default.Instance` returns a `Promise<BeamContext>` that returns the default context.

### Changed
- `PlayerInventory` no longer duplicates items if retrieved with multiple `GetItems()` calls.
- Multiple calls to `PlayerInventory.Update()` will operate serially instead of compete for priority. 
- Update banner in Toolbox will link to changelog instead of blog post.
- Refactored `BeamContext` initialization logic.

### Fixed
- `IBeamableDisposable.OnDispose()` is only called once per service, instead of once per service usage.
- Local Content Mode won't fail to load content if internet connection is lost mid-game.
- Fixed an issue with logging in and realm switching while being on an archived realm.
- Duplicate content is now displayed immediately in `Content Manager`
- Update banner in Toolbox will update both `com.beamable` and `com.beamable.server` package. 
- Fixed issues with wrong content status and checksum on domain reload.
- `FilePathSelectorAttribute` no longer accesses `Application` in constructor.

## [1.10.3]
### Changed
- `IDependencyBuilder.Build()` accepts `BuildOptions` to control re-hydration options for dependency scopes

## [1.10.2]
### Changed
- non finite numbers such as `NaN` or `Infinity` will throw a `CannotSerializeException` exception if serialized by the `SmallerJson` utility.

### Fixed
- `RecoverFrom404` and `RecoverFromStatus` method respects HTTP status codes
- Skipping content assets check for current directory in case if `currList` is not initialized
- Corrected URL format for staging-portal in environment picker 
- Tournament content can be scheduled for any ISO 8601 Period
- Detect using invalid AA assets inside `LoadTexture` helper method for `AssetReferenceSprite`


## [1.10.1]
### Fixed
- possible `NullReferenceException` during Content Manager initialization

## [1.10.0]
### Added
- Player Account PSDK
- `EditorDownloadBatchSize` setting in Content Configuration controls the batch download size for Content Manager. The default value is 100.
- Added SDK support for a direct Websocket connection to Beamable services toggleable via realm configuration.

### Changed
- Content Manager uses batch operations for better performance.
- Content Manager uses custom `ContentDatabase` instead of `AssetDatabase` to resolve assets.
- Content Ref Property Drawer no longer loads assets.

### Fixed
- Autogenerated SDK serializes sub fields that are typed objects
- `ValidationContext` service not found bug when using Local Content Mode. 

## [1.9.1]
### Fixed
- Refresh Content Window process is more optimized
- Content with optional fields of misaligned type use default instance for target type.
- Content validation doesn't occur unless `ValidationContext` has been initialized.

## [1.9.0]
### Changed
- Add GPGS MonoBehaviour to AccountsFlow

### Fixed
- Domain Reload times are much faster when working with large amounts of content.
- Realm scoped permissions update in Editor view
- Corrupt cached content no longer crashes the game. Instead, the cache is invalidated.

## [1.8.0]
### Changed
- Default avatars use new style and theme

## [1.7.0]
### Added
- Local content mode 
- Added `OnLeft`,`OnPromoted` and `OnKicked` event support in `PartyMember` class.

### Changed
- Portal opens to `https://portal.beamable.com` instead of `https://beta-portal.beamable.com`
- Content Manager and Toolbox have flat UI

### Fixed
- `NotificationService.Unsubscribe<T>` now correctly unsubscribes from events.
- Content classes with properties with backing field properties serialize correctly when upgrading directly from 1.2.10
- Regression in parsing nested `OptionalString` objects for content.

## [1.6.2]
### Fixed
- Fixed package updating error related to `Unable to add package`
- Fixed error preventing user from switching between Beamable accounts 

## [1.6.1]
- no changes

## [1.6.0]
### Fixed
- Fixed empty list for OnElementsAdded and OnElementRemoved events in ObservableReadonlyList type 
- Party events will not fire more than once anymore
- Fixed error preventing user from switching between Beamable accounts 

## [1.5.2]
### Fixed
- Party state is nullified after leaving the party (either by `Leave` and `Kick` methods)
- Beamable button shouldn't overlap experimental package option

## [1.5.1]
- no changes

## [1.5.0]
### Added
- Presence heartbeat may be disabled in _Project Settings/Beamable/Core/Send Heartbeat_.
- Content Manager's download button shows Reset Content option in dropdown. 
- `SimNetworkEventStream` has a `ISimFaultHandler` parameter that exposes error handling and callbacks for network outages. 
- `PartyMember` and `ReceivedPartyInvites` observable lists in `PlayerParty` sdk. 

### Fixed
- Content Manager Filter does not log exception when type query does not match any types.
- `CloudSavingService` no longer uploads manifests with missing objects.
- Fixed Content not getting resolved when `BeamContext.Default` is not used.

### Changed
- The `[Agnostic]` attribute is now obsolete. It is still usable, but assembly definitions should be used instead for code sharing.
- The `Stats` accessor on `IBeamableAPI` is now obsolete. Use `StatsService` instead.

## [1.4.0]
### Added
- Editor tooling for `SerializableDictionaryStringToSomething<T>` has context menu.
- Expanded/Collapsed state represented by icons in `Theme Manager`.
- New customer registrations will send an analytic event to Beamable.
- Autogenerated Beamable SDK available through `IServiceProvider` under the `Beamable.Api.Autogenerated` namespace.
- `SearchStats` method can now accept criteria values for `int`, `long`, `double`, `bool`, `string`, and their associated `List<T>` types.

### Fixed
- The default uncaught Promise handler no longer throws `IndexOutOfBounds` errors in high failure cases.
- Unity Asset Store releases will show correct version number in Unity Package Manager.  

## [1.3.6]
### Fixed
- Fixed sending custom analytic events using `AnalyticsTracker.TrackEvent`

## [1.3.5]
### Added
- Utility apis for setting expiration on Mail Update and Mail Send requests

### Fixed
- VSP Package Attribution now uses requester.Cid rather than requester.AccessToken.Cid (which can be null at editor time)
- Game Type content has validation for minimum team sizes.
- Adding items to Inventory after changing authorized user works.

## [1.3.4]
### Added
- Support for nullable types in Content serialization.

### Fixed
- Fixed issue with windows not refreshing after login to Beamable.

### Changed
- Beamable requests have a 15 second application level timeout.

## [1.3.3]
### Added
- `ClearCaches` function on `StatsApi` to force invalidate stats cache.
- Beamable version number is displayed in Login Window's footer.
- Added `GetCloudDataContent` method in `ICloudDataApi` to simplify getting cloud data.

### Changed
- `UnityWebRequest` respect a 10 second timeout before reporting `NoConnectivityException`

### Fixed
- fixed issue with ChangeAuthorizedUser that cause the BeamContext to enter a bad state with respect to its MonoBehaviour systems

## [1.3.2]

### Added
- `PaymentsService` now supports receipt verification through the `VerifyReceipt` method.

## [1.3.1]
### Added
- A leaderboard can now be frozen using `LeaderboardService.FreezeLeaderboard` method to prevent additional scores to be submitted.

### Changed
- Editor tooling for `SerializableDictionaryStringToSomething<T>` now supports all subtypes

### Fixed
- iOS builds will no longer overwrite the Beamable user language preference.
- An expired token will no longer cause an unintended realm changes in rare cases.
- Logging into the editor will automatically put you in the realm (PID) defined in your `config-defaults.txt` file instead of incorrectly resetting you to your default realm. 
- Correctly exposed `GetCurrentProject` method in `IAuthApi` to retrieve CID, PID and the project name. This functionality was already exposed in the `AuthService` class; we just moved it to the interface level to make it easier to access via `BeamContext.Api`.
- Microservices Manager window will now render correctly after importing the microservices module.

## [1.3.0]
### Added
- `StopListeningForUpdates` and `ResumeListeningForUpdates` methods in `ContentService` to manual control content refresh on ClientManifest deployment.
- `BeamableDispatcher` for editor scenarios to manage registering callbacks on the Unity Editor thread without needing an editor render frame.
- `Latest update` field for content item in Content Manager.
- Content items sort option by `Recently updated` in Content Manager.
- `Window/Beamable/Utilities/Change Environment` path to change the Beamable host parameters
- Added "experimental" package status support to the `PackageVersion` utility
- `Cid` and `Pid` field to `IBeamableRequester` interface
- `Social` list accessible through the `BeamContext`
- User's realm permission overrides apply in editor
- Added posibility of disable content serialization exceptions during content download to allow manual repair for corrupted files. 
- Added to `ISocialApi` methods to make/accept/decline friend requests via `gamertag`s.
- Added Party SDK as a `PlayerParty` object inside `BeamContext` to manage parties
- Adds application version headers to all requests sent to Beamable

### Changed
- Fields of auto-properties with attribute SerializeField are now serialized for content classes under the name of the property.
- List of available to create `ContentTypes` in `Content Manager` contextual menu is now ordered alphabetically
- The Beamable host URL is no longer sourced from `config-defaults.txt`. Instead, it comes from the `BeamableEnvironment` class. 
- Changed `PackageVersion` to accept "preview" prefix strings instead of requiring a direct match of the string "preview"
- Moved `JsonSerializable` to Beamable.Common assembly
- Moved some parts of the `ChatService` to Beamable.Common assembly
- Changed namespace of `Beamable.Pooling.ClassPool` to `Beamable.Common.Pooling.ClassPool`
- Account Management Flow will merge gamertags when existing login credential is detected, instead of always creating a new gamertag. This allows you to keep your gamertag on the realm. 
- Improved performance of `PlayerInventory` sdk

### Fixed
- Beamable button in Unity toolbar should be in correct position for production packages
- Content validation callbacks now support invoking private methods in base classes
- BeamConsole accepts events after RESET command
- Too many `EventSystem` components on startup
- Fixed Beamable login error for archived & not existing realms
- In Events and Listings schedule windows calendar buttons with days earlier than today can't be clicked
- The `RankEntry` for current player is now mapped correctly in `LeaderBoardView` 

## [1.2.10]
no changes

## [1.2.9]
no changes

## [1.2.8]
### Added
- `SetLanguage` function for `IAuthApi`

### Changed
- The `Language` field on the `IPlatformRequester` is no obsolete
- Beamable no longer sends "Accept-Language" headers

## [1.2.7]
### Changed
- New players will now get a locale and a location stat based on the Unity `Application.language` field.

## [1.2.6]
no changes

## [1.2.5]
### Fixed
- CurrencyHUD no longer throws null reference error when associated currency content has no addressable icon. 

## [1.2.4]
no changes

## [1.2.3]
### Changed
- Content query strings are no longer case sensitive

## [1.2.2]
### Changed
- Content creation menu list is now sorted

### Fixed
- Editor will re-attempt failed requests before auto logging out
- DISABLE_BEAMABLE_TOOLBAR_EXTENDER directive now covers all scenarios
- Trying to rename a deleted content object will no longer log an exception

## [1.2.0]
### Added
- Unity 2021 LTS support.
- `PreventAddressableCodeStripping` Core Configuration setting that automatically generates a link.xml file that will preserve addressable types.
- `TryClaim` method in `EventService` to attempt a claim, even if one is not invalid.
- `GetDeviceId` method in `AuthService` to retrieve the current device id.
- `deviceIds` field on `User` object that provides all associated device ids.
- Content sorting option in `Content Manager`.
- Documentation to `IBeamableAPI` and all related accessors.
- `Subscribe<T>` method to `INotificationService` to avoid awkward serialization handling.
- Implicit conversion operators from `Optional<T>` objects wrapping a value type to matching `Nullable<T>` types.
- Inline style editor in BUSS theme manager.
- Added `LobbyService` and `PlayerLobby` to support new Lobby functionality.

### Changed
- `ManifestSubscription` subscription no longer accepts the scope field
- AccountHud logs a warning when pressed if there isn't an AccountManagementFlow in the scene.
- Increased the AdminFlow scroll speed
- InventoryFlow can now be configured at the GameObject level.
- Edit mode for Buss Style Card has been removed in favor of context menus for selector label, variables and properties.
- Claiming an event that a player never submitted a score for will report an accurate error message.
- Added tooltips to Microservice Manager elements which didn't have them.
- Microservice Manager buttons now highlight on hover.
- Beamable third party context systems register with a default order of -1000.
- Global style sheet is turned now into a list of global style sheets.
- Content tags are split on `','` characters in addition to `' '`s.
- A `IBeamableDisposable`'s `OnDispose` method can now resolve services from the `IDependencyProvider` that is being disposed.
- `HeartBeat` will now send heartbeat requests faster for our newer live backend services such as Lobbies
- Content validation for ID fields will now accept IDs without the prefix
- It is now possible to set background sprite as a main texture in SDF Image.
- It is now possible to choose 9-slice source and Pixels Per Unit multiplier in SDF image.

### Fixed
- StoreView prefab now works in landscape mode.
- Playmode ContentObject refresh with disabled domain reload on Unity 2019 and 2020.
- Reading content in offline mode will no longer throw an exception if there is offline cache available
- Android sign-in will always allow user to select an account.
- Editor time Content downloads ignore content where no C# class exists.
- Account management will no longer log an error after pressing change password button more than once.
- Content Manager no longer logs inaccurate warning after renaming content.
- Notification handling for multiple `BeamContext` instances.
- Listing 'sku' price type was incorrect. Fixed to 'skus'.
- The player's location is detected automatically
- Matchmaking no longer breaks after user switch from Account Management flow.

### Removed
- Unity 2018 LTS support.

## [1.1.4]
### Fixed
- Documentation links no longer direct to missing web pages.

## [1.1.3]
no changes

## [1.1.2]
### Fixed
- `AccessTokenStorage` no longer throws `ArgumentOutOfRangeException` when starting in offline mode

## [1.1.1]
### Fixed
- The namespace for `PropertySourceTracker` no longer invalidates the usage of `UnityEditor.Editor` as a type reference

## [1.1.0]
### Added
- Added `RecoverWith` extension method overloads to `Promise<T>` that allow for configuring  a promise to recover from failure over multiple attempts.
- Selected Buss Element section in Buss Theme Manager
- Added `AddAsChild(VisualElement, string, params string[])` to `BeamHintVisualsInjectionBag` to allow `BeamHintDetailConverter` functions to build and inject dynamically created `VisualElements` into Hint Details.

### Changed
- Behaviour of Add Style button in Buss Theme Manager
- Add Style button moved above Buss Style Cards section in Buss Theme Manager
- Buss Element selection improvement in Buss Theme Manager   
- Application will check if there are redundant files in content disk cache on each start. All files but the one needed will be deleted to free disk space.
- All implementations of `[BeamContextSystem]` or `[RegisterBeamableDependencies]` will be preserved durring Unity code stripping
- Updated C#MS Publish window UI/UX
- Properties in Buss Style Card sorted alphabetically by default

### Fixed 
- Constant "Invalid token, trying again" errors in the Editor after 10 days.
- Compilation error when using new `com.unity.inputsystem`
- Deferred retry of failed uploads to the poll coroutine, to eliminate an infinite loop that could crash the app.
- Content string fields can contain escaped characters, and won't be double escaped after download
- Fixed issue with `ReflectionCache` that happened on certain platforms when `IEnumerable` returning functions had to be parsed for `AttributesOfInterest`.
- Possible `DivideByZero` exxception that was thrown durring Toolbox usage

## [1.0.8]
### Added
- `CoreConfiguration.EnableInfiniteContextRetries` and `CoreConfiguration.ContextRetryDelays` options to allow developers to override what happens when a BeamContext cannot initialize 

## [1.0.7]
This is a broken package. It includes changes from the 1.1.0 release. Please do not use this version.

## [1.0.6]
### Added
- Optional parameter `mergeGamerTagToAccount` to `IAuthService.LoginDeviceId` to support recovering an old account

## [1.0.5]
### Fixed
- Unity IAP failure to initialize on device won't hang `BeamContext.Default.OnReady`

## [1.0.4]
### Fixed
- `IBeamableRequester` implementations no longer dispose `UnityWebRequest` too soon

## [1.0.3]
### Fixed 
- All `IBeamableRequester` implementations dispose `UnityWebRequest` after usage
- Beamable.Platform assembly definition references Facebook.Unity dll if it exists

## [1.0.2]
### Fixed
- Windows Microservices first time build issue regarding empty build directories

## [1.0.1]
### Added
- `IDeviceIdResolver` is now a dependency of the `AuthService`, and can be overriden to produce different device ids other than `SystemInfo.deviceUniqueIdentifier`
- Content Baking feature now also bakes content manifest which is used when there is no Internet connection

### Changed
- The `Promise.ExecuteRolling` function has been deprecated in favor of `Promise.ExecuteInBatchSequence`
- The startup sequence runs startup requests at the same time for speed improvements 
- All Beamable Assembly Definitions use the `OverrideReferences` flag so they don't automatically reference project DLLs

### Fixed 
- The `ResolveAll` content function no longer exceeds stack frame size limits
- Beamable assets are loaded with their full name so asset types won't collide
- Null references associated with Realm dropdown in Editor 

## [1.0.0]
### Added
- `BeamContext` classes and new player centric SDK types like `PlayerInventory`
- Beamable Assistant window
- BUSS Theme Manager window

### Changed
- All Beamable Portal interactions use the new Beta Portal 
- Consolidated internal assembly type scanning into `ReflectionCache` system. This improves editor time performance by an order of magnitude.
- `ServiceManager` no longer provides Beamable types. Use `BeamContext` instead.
- `Beamable.API.Instance` now returns `BeamContext.Default.Api` after waiting for the context initialization

### Fixed
- Deleting all items from an inventory subscription notifies client
- Immediately failed promises throw uncaught errors on access
- Disabling multiple content namespaces setting will disable both Publish button dropdown and content namespace dropdown
- Content baking will process correct number of objects regardless of local changes
- Baked content meta file warning should not appear anymore
- Immutable prefabs are no longer dirtied by the legacy skinning system
- The Reset command works on unsaved scenes
- `EventContent.StartDate` is kept in sync with schedule definition

## [0.18.2]
### Changed
- Improved baked content performance by keeping data in a single file and limiting number of IO operations.


## [0.18.1]
### Fixed
- The `Editor 'namespace' but is used like a 'type'` error has been fixed
- The "Whats New" banner links to blog post if available
- Reference to Unity 2019.3 specific `HasOpenInstances` function removed in Unity 2018

## [0.18.0]
### Added
- Content can be prebaked with game-builds to speed up content initialization
- `ScheduleDefinition` now supports CRON expression
- Minute support for scheduled listings
- Announcement content includes gifts in addition to attachments. Gifts support webhook calls.
- `scheduleInstancePurchaseLimit` field to the `ListingContent` to enable setting a purchase limit scoped to the schedule instance
- `SearchStats()` admin method is usable from client and microservice code.
- Device ID Deletion APIs (bulk and selective)

### Changed
- `BeamableEnvironment` has moved to the Runtime to enable sdk version checking at runtime
- `list_content` Admin Command displays limited results. You can specify start index for `list_content` command

### Fixed
- Renamed Beamable's iOS plugin for Google Sign-In from `GoogleSignIn` to `BeamableGoogleSignIn` to prevent name collisions with public plugins.
- `InventoryService.GetCurrent` is no longer limited by URI length
- only use `InitializeOnEnterPlayMode` in Unity 2019.3 or higher
- Removed unnecessary Unity asset reimport for identical content data.

## [0.17.4]
- no changes

## [0.17.3]
### Added
- Added `RemoveDeviceId` method in `AuthService`
- Limit amount of elements displayed by `list_content` command in Admin console, allow to specify start index for `list_content` command

### Fixed
- Removes _Menu Window/Panels/1_ warning after opening schedule type dropdown on Unity 2019 and 2020
- Limit displayed admin console output


## [0.17.2]
### Added
- `CoreConfiguration` to project settings to tweak how our Promise library handles uncaught promises by default
- `matchingIntervalSecs` for `SimGameType` allows game makers to specify the rate by which matchmaking occurs

### Changed
- `PromiseBase.SetPotentialUncaughtErrorHandler(handler, replace)` -- replaces by default, but supports adding handlers by passing `false` to second parameter 
- New design of Microservices Publish Window with support for Storage Objects

### Fixed
- `CloudSavingService` serialization error caused by Invariant Culture
- Content Manager Publish window loading bar width
- Current Hud no longer emits null reference error if no image is assigned

## [0.17.1]
### Fixed
- calls to Leaderboard scoring API support large numbers
- schedule UI validation for daily and day-of-week schedules

## [0.17.0]
### Added
- Device id authentication support
- Steam third party authentication support
- Auto-complete text feature for `AdminFlow` prefab
- New default `currency.coins` currency that demonstrates client writable currency.
- Ability to remove a third party authorization with `RemoveThirdPartyAssociation` method in AuthService
- Cohort Settings for EventContent that support partitioning by player stats
- Event schedules for repeating events
- Listing schedules for repeating listings
- Support for archiving manifest namespaces.
- A `Fetch()` method to all subscribable SDKs that requests and returns the raw subscription data

### Changed
- An optional `forceRefresh` parameter to all subscribable SDK's `GetCurrent()` method that forces a network request
- `API.Instance.Requester` is now an `IBeamableRequester`
- The `Promise` class is no longer static, and extends from `Promise<Unit>`
- The realm dropdown now has a loading spinner on realm switches
- Content Inspector datepicker with no user given value no longer constantly updates
- Content deletion popup opens as separate window
- Microservice separator (draggable) moved directly under log group

### Fixed
- If no internet connection exists on startup, `API.Instance()` will retry every 2 seconds until a connection is established
- Able to build games to device


## [0.16.1]
### Fixed
- `ExecuteRolling` method of `Promise` now supports a condition on which stop execution
- No longer re-imports config-defaults without cause
- Batch imports Module Configuration files to improve speed
- No longer refreshes asset database on ContentIO FindAll()
- Allow Content Deserializer to consume incorrectly typed fields as empty values


## [0.16.0]
### Added
- Support for disabling Unity Domain Reload
- Content console commands (GET_CONTENT, LIST_CONTENT, CONTENT_NAMESPACE, SET_CONTENT_NAMESPACE)
- Easy custom content class creation in `Create/Beamable/Content Types`
- Resetting content to the server state under `Window/Beamable/Utilities/Reset Content`
- `MustBeSlugString` content validation with configurable option to allow underscores
- `OptionalBoolean` type for content
- Leaderboard Apis that support fetching partition/cohort cached assignment transparently
- Ability to disable VIP currency awards on Mail Rewards
- PlayerSettings scripting define symbols are saved in Diagnostics file
- Beamable package version Toolbox announcement

### Changed
- Request and Responses to and from Beamable are GZipped if larger than 1K
- Leaderboard Content supports partitioning, max size, and cohorting
- Leaderboard Update api will transparently fetch cached assignment
- `PlayerStatRequirements` now support providing the domain and access of stats
- `MustBeOneOf` content validation attribute now supports Optional types
- Beamable Platform errors all extend from `RequesterException` in Unity Client and microservice code
- Redesigned internal Toolbox announcements
- Content Manager publish flow shows Realm and Namespace for confirmation
- `ExecuteRolling` method of `Promise` now supports a condition on which stop execution

### Fixed
- Added missing attributes for content classes
- SocialService `SocialList` serialization
- Account Management Flow third party login buttons use correct third parties
- Content Manager Window item selection is cleared after changing the Namespace
- Adjusted confirm window look while trying to delete any content
- Content Manager Popups refresh after Unity domain reload

## [0.15.0]
### Added
- Verbose logging capability available in Project Settings
- Exposed cohort requirements for listing content
- Admin commands: ADD_CURRENCY, SET_CURRENCY, GET_CURRENCY
- Tournaments now supports the ability to specify group/guild-based rewards
- Tournaments now support player score rewards in addition to the existing rank rewards
- Tournaments allow developers to specify how many stages a player regresses if they do not participate in a cycle
- Inventory now supports setting properties on currencies at runtime

### Fixed
- Logging back into the Toolbox will remember your Realm selection per game
- Positioning of Validate, Publish and Download windows available from Content Manager

## [0.14.3]
### Fixed
- Re-namespaced internal UnityEngine.UI.Extensions to Beamable.UnityEngineCopy.UI.Extensions so as to not collide with other versions.

## [0.14.2]
- no changes

## [0.14.1]
### Fixed
- Facebook SDK won't be referenced unless the Facebook setting is checked in the Account Management Configuration

## [0.14.0] 
### Fixed
- Integration for Unity In-App-Purchasing 3.x.x packages
- Content references will update after a manifest subscription update

### Changed
- Rearranged the Portal button and Account button in Toolbox
- Rearranged the Content Count label in Content Manager
- Password reset codes can use PINs instead of UUIDs

### Added
- WebGL build support
- Multiple content namespaces, both in Editor and Runtime. Must enable in Project Settings
- Facebook Limited Login (iOS) Authentication
- `"portal"` console command, which opens portal to the current player's admin page
- Multi-object editing support for Content Reference selector
- New editor tooling for ISO date strings in Content Objects
- Realm Picker in the top right of Content Manager
- Last publish date in bottom-right of Content Manager
- ISerializationCallbackReceiver support for Content Object serialization
- Async support for `Promise<T>` types
- Added Donate api call method to GroupApi


## [0.13.3]
### Fixed:
- Matchmaking state transition bug 
- Increases heartbeat rate for MatchMaking
  

## [0.13.2]
### Fixed:
- Fixed isHttpError obsolete errors
- Removed use of Social.localUser.id from GameCenter Authentication

### Added:
- Support for GameCenter Authentication on iOS 13.5+


## [0.13.1]
### Fixed:
- GameCenter SDK errors with non-iOS il2cpp builds


## [0.13.0]
### Fixed:
* Fixed possible null reference exception in MustReferenceContent validation attribute

### Added
* GameCenter sdk Authentication Support
* Adds an optional field, activeListingLimit to Store Content

### Changed
* Switched MatchmakingService API to point to our new backend matchmaking service.


## [0.12.0]
(this release was skipped)


## [0.11.0]
### Changed
- Console Configurations ToggleKey will be reset to BackQuote.

### Fixed
- Fixed Promise multithread safety.
- Fixed ContentRef property drawer showing invalid references when deleted.
- Fixed MustReferenceContent validation  for lists of Content References.

### Added
- Support for the new Unity Input Manager System.
- Added OnUserLoggingOut event available from API. The event fires before a user switches account.
- Doc Url to package.json.
- Event phase validation. Events can no longer have zero phases. This may lead to disappearing Event Phases if your Beamable version is mismatched.
- Switched MatchmakingService API to point to our new backend matchmaking service.
